all these elephants are orphans the
families either killed or separated the
ETH hopes to release all 28 of them back
into the wild first these little ones
must learn as much as possible about
elephant society they're too young to
release so for now that means learning
from each other
[Music]
but one particular youngster has a
tougher road ahead of him this isn't a
mom he's just 2 and a half years old it
was found a year ago tangled in a snare
he's been here ever since
[Music]
nammal can't even play with the gang at
bath time
[Music]
his only company is his keeper cylinder
luckily their firm friends
[Music]
but he's missing out on the vital social
bonding that elephants need there to
prosper it's not just about learning
it's about belonging
[Music]
when he leaves the water it's
immediately obvious why Nirmal can't
play with the other otters
[Music]
when a th rescued him from the snare
they couldn't save his leg
the prosthetic helps him get around
but he's just too fragile to hang out
with the game
[Music]
the staff here are convinced that there
is hope
[Music]
apart from his disability nammal is a
normal healthy calf he's smart enough to
save celinda the trouble of rubbing and
drawing
and like any youngster he's always keen
to make friends
you